Bluetooth: Mesh: clarification about adv local identity (#59304)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/core.rst

the stack's configuration. It is not recommended to disable this option as this
will make the device non-responsive for a noticeable amount of time.

Advertisement identity
**********************

> All the mesh stack bearers advertise data with :c:macro:`BT_ID_DEFAULT` local identity.
> The value is preset in the mesh stack implementation. When BLE coexists in parallel
> to mesh functionality on the same device an application should allocate and configure
> another local identity for BLE purposes before starting communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All mesh stack bearers advertise data with :c:macro:`BT_ID_DEFAULT` local identity.
The value is preset in the mesh stack implementation. When BLE coexists in parallel
with mesh functionality on the same device, the application should allocate and configure
another local identity for BLE purposes before starting communication.
```

> All the mesh stack bearers advertise data with :c:macro:`BT_ID_DEFAULT` local identity.
> The value is preset in the mesh stack implementation. When BLE coexists in parallel
> to mesh functionality on the same device an application should allocate and configure
> another local identity for BLE purposes before starting communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All mesh stack bearers advertise data with the :c:macro:`BT_ID_DEFAULT` local identity.
The value is preset in the mesh stack implementation. When Bluetooth® Low Energy (LE)
and Bluetooth mesh coexist on the same device, an application should allocate and
configure another local identity for Bluetooth LE purposes before starting the communication.
```
